Nothing's gonna change my love for you
if i had to live my life without you near me 
the days would all be empty                  
the nights would seem so long               
you i see forever oh so clearly              
i might have been in love before            
but i've never felt this strong                  
our dreams are young and we both know  
theyll  take us where we want to go    
hold me now   touch me now                
i don't want to live without you              

nothing's gonna change my love for you       
you oughta know by now how much i love you  
one thing you can be sure of                   
i never ask for more than your love             
 nothing's gonna change my love for you    
you oughta know by now how much i love you    
the world may change my whole life through  
but nothing's gonna change my love for you

if the road ahead is not so easy               
our love will lead the way for us    like a guiding star          
i'll be there for you if you should need me    
you don't have to change a thing             
i love you just the way you are           
so come with me and share the view    
i help you see forever too          
hold me now    touch me now      
i don't want to live without you      

Yesterday Once More
When I was young I'd listen to the radio
  Waiting for my favorite songs
  When they played I'd sing along it made me smile  
Those were such happy times and not so long ago
  How I wonder where they'd gone
  But they're back again just like a long lost friend
  All the songs I love so well
  Every sha la la la  every wo wo  still shine
  Every shinga linga ling that they're starting to sing so fine
  When they get to the part where he's breaking her heart
 It can really make me cry just like before it's yesterday once more
Looking back on how it was in years gone by
  And the good time that I had
  Makes today seem rather sad so much has changed
  It was songs of love that I would sing to them 
  And I'd memorize each word 
Those old melodies still sound so good to me
  As they melt the years away
  Every sha la la la  every wo wo  still shine
  Every shinga linga ling that they're starting to sing so fine
  All my best memories Come back clearly to me
  Some can even make me cry Just like before It"s yesterday once more

No matter what  Boyzone

No matter what they tell us  
No matter what they do  
No matter what they teach us  
What we believe is true  

No matter what they call us  
However they attack  
No matter where they take us  
We'll find our own way back  

I can't deny what I believe  
I can't be what I'm not  
I know our love forever  
I know, no matter what  

If only tears were laughter (ooh)  
If only night was day (ooh)  
If only prayers were answered (hear my prayers) () 
Then we would hear God say (say)  

No matter what they tell you (ooh)  
No matter what they do (ooh)  
No matter what they teach you  
What you believe is true  

And I will keep you safe and strong  
And shelter from the storm  
No matter where it's barren  
A dream is being born  
(Ooh) 
No matter who they follow  
No matter where they lead  
No matter how they judge us  
I'll be everyone you need  

No matter if the sun don't shine (sun don't shine)() 
Or if the skies are blue (skies are blue) () 
No matter what the end is  
My life began with you  

I can't deny what I believe (what I believe, yeah) () 
I can't be what I'm not  
(I know, I know) I know this love's forever () 
That's all that matters now  
No matter what  

No matter what (no, no matter, no) () 
No, no matter  
That's all that matters to me 
  

Just one last dance
Just one last dance....oh baby...just one last dance ,, 
We meet in the night in the Spanish café  
I look in your eyes just don't know what to say  
It feels like I'm drowning in salty water  
A few hours left 'til the sun's gonna rise  
Tomorrow will come an it's time to realize  
Our love has finished forever  
How I wish to come with you (wish to come with you)  
How I wish we make it through  

Just one last dance  
Before we say goodbye  
When we sway and turn round and round and round  
It's like the first time  
Just one more chance  
Hold me tight and keep me warm  
Cause the night is getting cold  
And I don't know where I belong  
Just one last dance  

The wine and the lights and the Spanish guitar  
I'll never forget how romantic they are  
But I know, tomorrow I'll lose the one I love , 
There's no way to come with you  
It's the only thing to do  

Just one last dance  
Before we say goodbye  
When we sway and turn round and round and round  
It's like the first time  
Just one more chance  
Hold me tight and keep me warm  
Cause the night is getting cold  
And I don't know where I belong  
Just one last dance  

Just one last dance  
Before we say goodbye  
When we sway and turn round and round and round  
It's like the first time  
Just one more chance  
Hold me tight and keep me warm  
Cause the night is getting cold  
And I don't know where I belong  
Just one last dance 

I believe I can fly
I used to think that I could not go on
And life was nothing but an awful song
But now I know the meaning of true love
I'm leaning on the everlasting arms
If I can see it, then I can do it
If I just believe it, there's nothing to it
I believe I can fly
I believe I can touch the sky
I think about it every night and day
Spread my wings and fly away
I believe I can soar
I see me running through that open door
I believe I can fly
I believe I can fly
I believe I can fly
See I was on the verge of breaking down
Sometimes silence, it can seem so loud
There are miracles in life I must achieve
But first I know it starts inside of me 

Say you, say me
Say you, say me
Say it for always, that's the way it should be
Say you, say me
Say it together, naturally



~
I had a dream I had an awesome dream
People in the park playing games in the dark
And what they played was a masquerade
And from behind of walls of doubt a voice was crying out
[Chorus]



As we go down life's lonesome highway
Seems the hardest thing to do is to find a friend or two
A helping hand - some one who understands
That when you feel you've lost your way
You've got some one there to say I'll show you
[Chorus]

So you think you know the answers - oh no
'cause the whole world has got you dancing
That's right - I'm telling you
It's time to start believing - oh yes
Believing who you are - you are a shining star
[Chorus]


oh,yes~!~


YELLOW cold play
Look at the stars   
Look how they shine for you   
And everything you do    
Yeah, they were all yellow   
I came along   
I wrote a song for you   
And all the things you do  
And it was called yellow   ""
So then I took my turn      
Oh what a thing to have done   
And it was all yellow  
Your skin, oh yeah your skin and bones   
Turn into something beautiful  
Do'you know?            
You know I love you so   
You know I love you so   

I swam across   
I jumped across for you  
Oh what a thing to do   
'Cos you were all yellow   
I drew a line   
I drew a line for you   
Oh what a thing to do   
And it was all yellow   
And your skin, oh yeah your skin and bones 
Turn into something beautiful     
Do'you know?                 
For you I bleed myself dry   
For you I bleed myself dry   ,

It's true                       
Look how they shine for you    
Look how they shine for you    
Look how they shine for you    !
Look how they shine for you    !
Look how they shine for you    
Look how they shine 
 
Look at the stars    
Look how they shine for you   
And all the things that you do  

Memory
Midnight
Not a sound from the pavement
Has the moon lost her memory
She is smilling alone
In the lamplight
The withered leaves collect at my feet
And wind
Begins to moan 
Memory
All alone in the moonlight
I can smill at the old days
I was beatiful then
I remember
The time I knew what happiness was
Let the memory
Live again
Every street lamp
Seems the best
A fatalistic warning
Someone mutters
And a streetlamp gutter
And soon it will be morning
Daylight
I must wait for the sunrise
I must think of a new life
And I mustnt give in
When the dawn comes
Tonight will be a memory too
And a new day will begin

Brunt out ends of smokey days
The stale cold smell of morning
The streetlamp dies
Another night is over
Another day is dawning
Touch me
Its so easy to leave me
All alone with my memory
Of my days in the sun
If you touch me
Youll understand what happiness
Look a new day
Has begun
larger than life
When you´re screaming my name, alright  
But let me tell you now 
there are prices to fame, alright 
All of our time spent in flashes of light 

All you people can´t you see, can´t you see 
how your love´s affecting our reality 
Everytime we´re down 
you can make it right 
And that makes you larger than life 

looking at the crowd 
and I see your body sway, c´moncome on! 
Wishin I could thank you in a different way, c´mon 
´Cause all of your time spent keeps us alive 
 

All you people can´t you see, can´t you see 
how your love´s affecting our reality 
Everytime we´re down 
you can make it right 
And that makes you larger than life 

All of your time spent keeps us alive 

All you people can´t you see, can´t you see 
how your love´s affecting our reality 
Everytime we´re down 
you can make it right

<I will always love you>
If I should stay. 
I would only be in Ur way. 
So I'll go. 
But I know. 
I'll think of U every step of the way. 

And I will always love U !  
I will always love U !  
U,my darling U ! , 
Bitter sweet memories. 
That is all I'm taking with me. 
So goodbye,please don't cry., 
We both know I'm not what U need. 
And I will always love U !  
I will always love U !  


I hope life treats U kind. 
And I hope U have all U dreamed off. 
And I wish 2 U joy & happiness. 
But above all this I wish 2 U love. 

And I will always love U !  
I will always love U !  
I will always love U !  
I will always love U !  
I will always love U !  
I will always love U !  

Daring I love U ! , 
Always love U ! 


Never Had A Dream Come  
Everybody's got something 
They had to leave behind  
One regret from yesterday 
That just seems to grow with time  
There's no use looking back or wondering 
How it could be now or 4)might have been  

All this I know but still I can't find ways 
To let you go  
I never had a dream come true 
Till the day that found you  
Even though I pretend that I moved on 
You'll always be my baby  
I never found the words to say 
You're the one I think about each day  

And I know no matter where life takes me to 
A part of me will always be with you.  
Somewhere in my memory 
I've lost all sense of time , . 
And tomorrow can never be 
Cause yesterday is all that fills my mind , . 
There's no use looking back or wondering 
How it could be now or might have been  

All this I know but still I can't find ways 
To let you go  
I never had a dream come true 
Till the day that found you  
Even though I pretend that I moved on 
You'll always be my baby  
I never found the words to say 
You're the one I think about each day  

And I know no matter where life takes me to 
A part of me will always be with you.  
You'll always be the dream 
That fills my head  
You'll always be the one Iknow 
I'll never forget  
It's no use looking back or wondering 
Because love is a strange and funny thing  
No matter how I try and try 
I just can't say goodbye 
believe in yourself.
consider things from every angle.
​All for one, one for all. 
 [] Dumas pére 
Other men live to eat, while I eat to live. 
 Socrates  
Easy come, easy go. 
  Hazlitt 
Love rules his kingdom without a sword. 
 Herbert  
We soon believe what we desire. 
 Chaucer 
The darkest hour is that before the dawn. 
 Fuller  
The longest day has an end. 
 Howell  
Living without an aim is like sailing without a compass. 
 J. Ruskin  
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. 
 Heywood  
One swallow does not make a summer. 
 Taverner  
A man may lead a horse to the water, but he cannot make it drink. 
  Heywood  
One cannot eat ones cake and have it. 
  Davies  
Time is money. 
 Benjamin Franklin 
Time and tide wait for no man. 
 Scott  
There is no rose without a thorn. 
Ray  
Lookers-on see most of the game. 
Smedley  
Beggars cannot be choosers. 
Heywood  
First catch your hare. 
 Thackeray  
Victory wont come to me unless I go to it. 
 M. Moore  
A great man is always willing to be little. 
 R. W. Emerson  
Cowards die many times before their deaths. 
  Julius Caesar  
Anything one man can imagine, other men can make real. 
  Jules Verne  
Early to bed and early to rise, makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise. 
 Benjamin Franklin  
Life is just a series of trying to make up your mind. 
 T. Fuller  
Goals determine what you are going to be. 
 Julius Erving 
All human wisdom is summed up in two words ?C wait and hope. 
   Alexandre Dumas Pére 
It is not enough to be industrious, so are the ants. What are you industrious for? 
 H. D. Thoreau 
You have to believe in yourself. Thats the secret of success. 
 Charles Chaplin
1Whatever is worth doing is worth doing well.


2Happiness is a way station between too much and too little.


3In love folly is always sweet.


4The hard part isnt making the decision. Its living with it.


5Your happy passer-by all knows, my distressed there is no place hides.


6You may be out of my sight, but never out of my mind.


7Love is not a maybe thing. You know when you love someone.


8In the end, its not the years in your life that count. Its the life in your years.


9When the whole world is about to rain, lets make it clear in our heart together.


10Its better to be alone than to be with someone youre not happy to be with.
  www.lz13.cn

11Life is a journey, not the destination, but the scenery along the should be and the mood at the view.


12Time goes by so fast, people go in and out of your life. You must never miss the opportunity to tell these people how much they mean to you.


13I lied when I said I didnt like you. I lied when I said I didnt care. I lie every time I try to tell myself I will never fall for you.


14One needs 3 things to be truly happy living in the world: some thing to do, some one to love, some thing to hope for.


15No matter how bad your heart has been broken, the world doesnt stop for your grief. The sun comes right back up the next day.


16Accept what was and what is, and youll have more positive energy to pursue what will be.


17Until you make peace with who you are, youll never be content with what you have.


18If you would hit the mark, you must aim a little above it. Every arrow that flies feels the attraction of earth. Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.


19If you wish to succeed, you should use persistence as your good friend, experience as your reference, prudence as your brother and hope as your sentry.


20Ill think of you every step of the way.

1Great minds have purpose, others have wishes.



2Being single is better than being in an unfaithful relationship.



3If you find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesnt lead anywhere.



4Getting out of bed in winter is one of lifes hardest mission.



5The future is scary but you cant just run to the past cause its familiar.



6I love it when I catch you looking at me then you smile and look away.



7Having a calm smile to face with being disdained indicates kind of confidence.



8Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.



9Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.

  www.lz13.cn

10A guy who whispers in your ears, saying  Its alright, Im here. Holds you when youre sad, and treasures everything about you. Thats the guy I want to give my heart to.



11Dream what you want to dream; go where you want to go; be what you want to be, because you have only one life and one chance to do all the things you want to do.



12We all have moments of desperation. But if we can face them head on, thats when we find out just how strong we really are.



13If they throw stones at you, dont throw back, use them to build your own foundation instead.



14If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.



15When theres no expectation, losing wont bring hurt, gaining makes you surprised.



16Sometimes your plans dont work out because God has better ones.



17How much truth of heart in ones life is told in a joke?



18A relationship should be between two people, not the whole world.



19You cant have a better tomorrow if you dont stop thinking about yesterday.



20Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he sees all day.
1A contented mind is the greatest blessing a man can enjoy in this world.



Joseph Addison

2If you would know the value of money, go and try to borrow some.



Benjamin Franklin

3If you wish to succeed, you should use persistence as your good friend,

experience as your reference, prudence as your brother and hope as your sentry.



Thomas Edison

4Health is certainly more valuable than money,

because it is by health that money is procured.



Samuel Johnson

5That man is the richest whose pleasure are the cheapest.



Henry David Thoreau

6Sometimes one pays most for the things one gets for nothing.



Albert Einstein

7Will, work and wait are the pyramidal cornerstones for success.



Louis Pasteur

8All the splendor in the world is not worth a good friend.



Voltaire

9There is a great different between exposure of

the mind and that of the body.



William Hazlitt

10To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive,

and the true success is to labor.



Robert Louis Stevenson

11The greater a man is, the more distasteful is praise and flattery to him.



John Burroughs

12I might say that success is won by three things:

first, effort; second, more effort; third, still more effort.



Thomas Hardy

13Success often depends upon knowing how long it will take to succeed.



Charles Montesquieu

14Only those who have the patience to do simple things

perfectly ever acquire the skill to do difficult things easily.



Friedrich Schiller

15You have to believe in yourself. That's the secret of success.



Charles Chaplin

16A man can succeed at almost anything for which

he has unlimited enthusiasm.



C. M. Schwab

17The man who has made up his mind to win will never say impossible.



Bonapart Napoleon

18Progress is the activity of today and the assurance of tomorrow.



Emerson

20Our destiny offers not the cup of despair,

but the chalice of opportunity.



Richard Nixon

21Miracles sometimes occur, but one has to work terribly for them.



C. Weizmann

22It never will rain roses.  www.lz13.cn

When we want to have more roses we must plant trees.



G. Eliot

23If you have great talents, industry will improve them;

if you have but moderate abilities, industry will supply their deficiency.



Joshuas Reynolds

24Great works are performed not by strength , but by perseverance.



Samuel Johnson

25Genius only means hard-working all one's life.



Mendeleyev

26Few things are impossible in themselves; and it is often for want of will ,

rather than of means, that man fails to succeed.



La Racheforcauld

27Dare and the world always yields.

If it beats you sometimes, dare it again and again and it will succumb.



W.M Thackeray

28All that you do, do with your might; t

hings done by halves are never done right.



R.H. Stoddard

29A man can fail many times,

but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else.



J.Burroughs

30You can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertisements.



Norman Douglas

31The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.



Franklin Roosevelt

32The man with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds.



Mark Twain

33The important thing in life is to have a great aim,

and the determination to attain it.



Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

34Most of the trouble in the world is caused by people wanting to be important.



George Eliot

35If you doubt yourself,

then indeed you stand on shaky ground.



Ibsen

36Ideal is the beacon. Without ideal,

there is no secure direction; without direction ,there is no life.



 Leo Tolstory

37Ideal are like the stars --- we never reach them ,

but like mariners , we chart our course by them.





Carl Schurz

38Have an aim in life, or your energies will all be wasted.



R. Peters

39Don't part with yourxxxs, When they are gone you may still exist,

but you have ceased to live.



Mark Twain 

40Do not, for one repulse,

give up the purpose that you resolved to effect.



Willian Shakespeare

41Between the ideal and the reality,

Between the motion and the act, Fall the shadow.



Thomas Stearns EliotT.S.

42A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.

A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams.



J. Barrymore


